ArcSaver README							Liam Hampton
								CSCI 2270
	ArcSaver is an application designed to work with the cartography and mapping program ArcMap by Esri. It is designed to help geography students around their junior who often transition from physical geography into a computer lab where they have to work with a rather unforgiving program. It will solve two problems both involving backup but in different ways. The first is a simple auto save on a timer. ArcMap is a heavy load on school computers and will crash on you. Tthis alone will same most students an immense ammount of time while they learn about more. The time will be on an interval and will increment a file name they choose numerically. 

	The second is more of a challenge. There is a lot of editing and smoothing that occurs with various types of visual data throughout the course of making a map. Data Management ends up becoming a big deal as it all needs to be saved in oe specific fil type inside of a folder with all your other work. It's clunky and students come into class with half a map because they managedto save half of it on their flash drive and the other half on a school computer somewhere. At the very least I would at least like the program to keep track of where all these terrain files are being saved and alert the student if all the files aren't collocated before they think they're finished. Ideally it would be able to move the files back into the desired location as well as letting the student know that they almost lost their data.

	It would be a small application stored on their thumbdrive in the same folder as their data. You would launch the program, it would make sure you still had all the data you left with, then extract them all itself to a common folder. student would then set a time interval and it would sit quietly in the backgroundonly ever having to interface with the system when something is saved or on that interval. Ideally it wouldn't have any drag on the system that would make the program crash even more. At the end it could zip it all up and put itself back where it came. 

	It only has to interract with the program both to detect when a user saves something and to save something itself but it does still have to interact with the program and I don't know how hard that would be. The files that the student creates all have file extensions that wouldbe pretty easy to catalogue and track. once you find them thought, the place they belong is a very strange compressed .dbf database file and It's really hard to get the textures back in there if they get out.that would be tough, it might just have to be good enough to get them in the folder. A quick look at their site though and they have a tools for developers section and github links. 

	ArcGIS is a suite of programs of which ArcMap is one. it will only run on windows and a couple versions of LINUX. Any computer that would be running these programs shouldn't notice my alarmclock. 
